# hello-world
Learning to use GitHub
  I'm a 24 y/o graduate from the University of North Florida. When moving into college, I had no idea what I wanted to do. I had countless hobbies, and I had experiemented with plenty of career paths while getting my AA (criminal justice, emergency medicine, etc.) but nothing in the professional world actually excited me. 
  Because of this, I met with a guidance counselor to help me figure out what my major should be. Instead of advising me to take a year (or any amount of time for that matter) to investigate what I enjoyed, I was told to major in Communication. The logic that was fed to me was, "communication is a very broad degree and can result in employment just about anywhere." 
  This sounded great at the time, as it would give me another two years to figure out what industry I wanted to be in, all while making me employable. However, theory and practice don't always align as well as we'd like. Because communication is "broad," you recieve no specific training. This basically means that no employer can begin to trust that you'll have any ability to succeed in the work.
  As a result, I have discovered only two ways of actually landing a job. The most common way is simply knowing someone. This is how I ended up working along side people who barely understood how social media works. Many of them had no formal education, simply a connection. The other way is to build up your 3 years of experience that entry level jobs in the field require. This is usually obtained through internships (the vast majority of which are unpaid) and, if you're lucky, some freelance work. 
  It's been a year since I graduated. I've worked two unpaid internship programs, and managed to get some brief freelance work. After evaluating the year as a whole, I've realized two things. One. I'm still considered un-hireable. Two. I absoluely hate the work. 
  I learned that I prefer work that' analytical. I need a right way and a wrong way. In the field of advertising, nothing is right. Everything is subjective. I ended up starting The Odin Project based on a friend's advice. After learning some basic HTML and CSS I fell in love. Now, I'm hitting the reset button, and hoping for a career that pays well, fulfills me, and above all, actually exists.
